README.md, before:

# buda-iiif-server 
the buda Image server based on hymir iiif-server

## Set up (using maven)
clone the buda-iiif-server repository

## Configuration

Two profiles are available : PROD or local and editables in buda-iiif-server/src/main/resources/application.yml

### Configuring resolver for amazon S3 repository

Follow these instructions:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-config-files.html

### compile and run:

in the buda-iiif-server directory, run: 

```
mvn clean package
```
then using your favorite port and profile (here 8080 and "local"), run:
```
java -Dserver.port=8080 -Dspring.profiles.active=local -jar target/buda-hymir-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-exec.jar
```

### BDRC iiif compliant ("{identifier}/{region}/{size}/{rotation}/{quality}.{format}") url example :

http://localhost:8080/bdr:V22084_I0886::08860035.tif/full/full/0/default.jpg

### Note

You must implement de.digitalcollections.core.backend.impl.file.repository.resource.resolver.S3Resolver if you wish to use a different identifier format (see Bdrcs3Resolver as an example)

Commit message:

illustrating more elaborate server startup and configuration

README.md, after:

# buda-iiif-server 
the buda Image server based on hymir iiif-server

## Set up (using maven)
clone the buda-iiif-server repository

## Configuration

Two profiles are available : PROD or local and editables in buda-iiif-server/src/main/resources/application.yml

### Configuring resolver for amazon S3 repository

Follow these instructions:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-config-files.html

### Configuration files and configuration path

A config path should be set to indicate where to find iiifserv.properties and iiifserv-private.properties (see examples in the root dir of this repo)

In addition, a server specific Spring config is passed in the application.yml file (see example in the root dir of this repo)

### compile and run:

in the buda-iiif-server directory, run: 

```
mvn clean package
```
then using your favorite port and profile (here 8080 and "local"), run:
```
java -Dserver.port=8080 -Dspring.profiles.active=local -Diiifserv.configpath=/your/config/path/ -Dspring.config.location=file:/your/spring/config/pathFor/application.yml -jar target/buda-hymir-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-exec.jar
```

### BDRC iiif compliant ("{identifier}/{region}/{size}/{rotation}/{quality}.{format}") url example :

http://localhost:8080/bdr:V22084_I0886::08860035.tif/full/full/0/default.jpg

### Note

You must implement de.digitalcollections.core.backend.impl.file.repository.resource.resolver.S3Resolver if you wish to use a different identifier format (see Bdrcs3Resolver as an example)
